Clarify classification tags (#218)
18F/development-guide: _guide/_pages/index.md

## How we classify best practices

> These documents are structured by topic; under several topics we indicate "Requirement",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These documents are structured by topic; under topics we have classified indicate "Requirement",
```

> "Standard", "Default", "Suggestion", and "Caution".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Standard", "Default", "Suggestion", and "Caution".

If topics are not classified, the decision is left at your discretion. If you are unsure, ask in #dev, as the topic may be a good candidate for classification.
```

Reviewer: Suggest moving the absence of a classification up, and to indicate what to do if you'd like more guidance.
